The heat of judging Yingying is back.
Already married! Wrong,
I'm back. I'm going to guess first.
I need a dinner first, i'll go first. i'm getting married first. That me
I won’t tell you anymore. let's go together. Let's hurry up
It’s time to eat. peace! Of course.
We'll have both
In a chat now. Go faster!! say bye!
Let me go to the place where I personally sell orchids to make fish piles
That’s why I found out that I work at mk
It's okay, don't worry
From now on, I will stand by mk wheel plague dog
Make sure the gate is closed before I leave.
Even after get off work
Picked you up from the gate dog on time
Ah, you worked so hard to pick me up from get off work
What do you do at work?
Didn't you go to the interview?
I quit
I can be a novice with peace of mind
Waiting for my wife to flatter me
That's ok, keep working hard
He even became a full-time husband
Wife, I'm sorry, is that okay?
I'll try it first to make sure
Really full
Each one is unique
It’s a puppy for you